hey everyone in this video I'll be
showing you how to make falafels this is
a really wet vegetarian dish that
chooses simple and pretty inexpensive
ingredients so if you want to know how
to make these keep watching in your food
processor add the chickpeas these are
dry chickpeas soaked overnight in water
also add the fresh parsley fresh
coriander leaves salt baking soda and
black pepper also add the garlic onion
and ground cumin blend everything
together if necessary stock the food
processor and scrape down the sides of
the bowl to ensure even blending
this is your final consistency it should
have has a grainy texture lightly all
your hands and make little balls with
the dough you can make these whatever
size you want but just try to make them
as even as possible so that they can
cook evenly it's now time to deep-fry
I'm using a toothpick to check the oil
temperature you can see that there is a
steady bubbling going on that means the
oil is ready put a few falafels in the
oil
don't put too many because that will
bring the oil temperature down let them
cook for a few minutes until they get a
deep brown color then remove them from
the oil and drain them on paper towel
here is a close-up of the outside crust
and the inside I am quickly showing you
how to make the tahini sauce to go with
the falafel just make the tahini which
is sesame seeds paste with lemon juice
salt and water and that's it super easy
and you can adjust the thickness of the
sauce by adding more or less water thank
you for watching guys if you like this
video please give it a thumbs up don't
forget to subscribe if you haven't
already and I'll talk to you next week
bye bye